spark/README.md, before:

# Spark

Basic image with spark and mesos

## Build

```bash
$ docker build -t pubnative/spark:2.0.2 .
$ docker push pubnative/spark:2.0.2
```

## Sample

Run inside cluster example

```bash
docker run --net=host pubnative/spark:2.0.2 bin/spark-submit \
           --executor-memory 1g \
           --driver-memory 1g \
           --total-executor-cores 1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.cores=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.cores_per_task=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.docker.volumes=./tmp:/tmp:rw \
           --conf spark.ui.port=31695 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.docker.image=pubnative/spark:2.0.2 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.home=/spark \
           --conf spark.mesos.constraints="role:spark-executer" \
           --conf spark.mesos.coarse=true \
           --conf spark.mesos.role=spark \
           --conf spark.port.maxRetries=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.uris=file:///etc/docker.tar.gz \
           --master "mesos://zk://zookeeper.service.consul:2181/mesos" \
           /spark/examples/src/main/python/pi.py 1
```

Run task from the other image

# Spark with Python

This image Dockerfile can be found in `python` directory. It's an image containing spark, mesos and python.

## Build

For building and pushing the image `pubnative/spark:python3.6.5_java1.8.131_hadoop2.7.3_mesos1.3.0` please look at `python/Makefile`.

Commit message:

Cleanup Spark images. (#79)
* Use a fixed version for the Jupyter image.

* Fix the Bazel version for reproducible builds.

* Implement versioning using Git hashes.

* Remove Mesos from the image.

* Base the image on stretch.

* Delete vestigial image.

* Improve Dockerfile and upgrade Spark.

* Add commit hash to the image's tag.

* Rename folders for clarity.

* Change the base image for the data-science image.

* Add numpy to the dependencies.

* Rename the image.

* Remove vestigial image.

* Remove Docker from the image.

* Compile the dependencies.

* Remove docker from the data-science image.

* Formalize a CI image.

* Fix the docker pushes.

* Update Dockerfile

* Update Dockerfile

* Update Dockerfile

* Align with spaces instead of tabs.

* Add information on how to use the Makefiles.

spark/README.md, after:

# Spark

Basic image with spark and mesos

## Build

Once the changes to a Dockerfile are made and commited, run:

```bash
make
```

If `data-science-base` takes some time, it may be because it's building and veryfing the dependencies.

## Sample

Run inside cluster example

```bash
docker run --net=host pubnative/spark:2.0.2 bin/spark-submit \
           --executor-memory 1g \
           --driver-memory 1g \
           --total-executor-cores 1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.cores=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.cores_per_task=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.docker.volumes=./tmp:/tmp:rw \
           --conf spark.ui.port=31695 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.docker.image=pubnative/spark:2.0.2 \
           --conf spark.mesos.executor.home=/spark \
           --conf spark.mesos.constraints="role:spark-executer" \
           --conf spark.mesos.coarse=true \
           --conf spark.mesos.role=spark \
           --conf spark.port.maxRetries=1 \
           --conf spark.mesos.uris=file:///etc/docker.tar.gz \
           --master "mesos://zk://zookeeper.service.consul:2181/mesos" \
           /spark/examples/src/main/python/pi.py 1
```

Run task from the other image

# Spark with Python

This image Dockerfile can be found in `python` directory. It's an image containing spark, mesos and python.

## Build

For building and pushing the image `pubnative/spark:python3.6.5_java1.8.131_hadoop2.7.3_mesos1.3.0` please look at `python/Makefile`.
